User Manual

Uploading CSV File from Local Computer:
a. Click on the "Upload CSV" button.
b. A file explorer window will open, navigate to the CSV file you want to upload and select it.
c. Click "Open" and the CSV file will be uploaded and displayed in the Data Grid View.

Backup CSV File from Data Grid to Local Computer:
a. Select the rows and columns that you want to backup in the Data Grid View.
b. Click on the "Backup CSV" button.
c. A file explorer window will open, navigate to the location where you want to save the backup file and give it a name.
d. Click "Save" and the CSV file will be saved as a backup to your local computer.

Deleting CSV File on Local Computer:
a. Click on the "Delete CSV" button.
b. A file explorer window will open, navigate to the CSV file you want to delete and select it.
c. Click "Open" and the CSV file will be deleted from your local computer.

Clear Contents in Data Grid View:
a. Click on the "Clear Data" button.
b. All data in the Data Grid View will be cleared.

Go to Cell, by Specific Column and Row:
a. Click on the "Go to Cell" button.
b. Enter the column and row numbers in the provided fields.
c. Click "Go" and the Data Grid View will scroll to the specified cell.

Determining the Location of Focused Cell:
a. Click on a cell in the Data Grid Table.
b. The column and row number of the selected cell will be displayed in the provided fields.

Removing Specified Row:
a. Select the row you want to remove in the Data Grid View.
b. Click on the "Remove Row" button.
c. The selected row will be removed from the Data Grid View.

Removing Specified Column:
a. Select the column you want to remove in the Data Grid View.
b. Click on the "Remove Column" button.
c. The selected column will be removed from the Data Grid View.

Creating New CSV File with Specific Number of Columns and Rows:
a. Click on the "New CSV" button.
b. Enter the number of columns and rows you want in the provided fields.
c. Click "Create" and a new CSV file with the specified number of columns and rows will be displayed in the Data Grid View.

Note: This program only supports CSV files with comma as delimiter. Any other delimiter will cause issues with the data.









